hey everybody max with moab off-road and
Louisville Kentucky here with Tony the
owner of gin right we've been doing a
little talking about the I'm asking all
of you build showing him the Scrambler
here trying to figure out some places
maybe we can get some genetic products
in on the bill Tony's been driving
through town what's what you're what
you're driving schedule look like being
that you somehow ended up in Louisville
Kentucky well I'm I've just came down
from across from California over to
Tennessee and now up to Detroit Michigan
and eventually i'll end up down florida
so i've got a ways to go still cool and
you've got extreme for by form sure all
of y'all are familiar with that TV show
it's down that that takes place down on
nashville tennessee and they've been
been doing a little build down there
with one of your all's jeeps can maybe
you can tell all of our viewers about
what's going on with that build sure
we've got a 298 TJ with all of our
products on it the cage the high fenders
it's got 60s on 40-inch tires sits
really low looks good that's going to be
here on display maybe after next weekend
yeah and it'll be here for a couple of
months if you get a chance to come by
and take a look at it turned out really
nice it's got like I say all of our
stuff out including the mini boat side
rockers which is kind of nice boom so
that'll be here I'm hoping to be able to
come back out and do a little bit of
wheeling with you guys give me the fall
cool so all right and the many both side
rockers he's talking about maybe you all
have seen on the forum we did those on
the tomb raider bill that you're
familiar with in our TJ section we also
did those on our YJ retro rebuild which
is my personal vehicle that vehicle has
been a kind of showcased as a daily
driver that's a hardcore wheeler you
know trying to prove to people that
these jeeps don't have to be trailer
queens which is kind of the premise on
what gen rights products are and when
they do it their own
that bill is and what what the idea
behind the build on this TJ was that was
in Tennessee so this one was geared as a
budget bill so it was how do you go with
a fairly small lift I think they did a
three or four inch you know lift kit on
it get 40s on it they put junkyard 60s
in it I mean they tried to just keep the
cost down but you wouldn't know it the
thing looks trick it when it turned out
really nice they just rattle can all the
parts but it still looks good you know
quite frankly that's the most cost
effective thing to do anyways if you're
really out wheeling absolutely so it's
got you know just minor interior no
carpet nothing fancy but you know it's a
good good we love Jeep it's a six
cylinder automatic and I think they put
a 4-1 in the t-case and just you know
that's all you need thing goes great
again drive down the highway 90 awesome
40-inch tires 60s the whole the whole
thing a little bit different than what
we got going on here with the scrambler
build that you all talked me into
spending a little too much money on it
yeah I've been talking about this build
Tony's done but I want to check it out
ran into them you all saw the video on
our our trip to Easter Jeep Safari this
year we did an interview with Tony and
did some trail riding with them and
we've been kind of talking about how
we're going to get some generate
products on this bill so it might be the
newest sponsor to this build and just
wanted to say thanks for stopping by you
know this is on the opposite side of
your your world yeah used to wheeling in
the desert and get to come out here and
see what mud and trees it is all about
different world all right well I
appreciate everybody stop by the the
website it's Moab dash off road dotnet
appreciate you being active on the forum
and appreciate generate taking the time
to stop by Louisville Kentucky and see
what moab off roads all about thanks for
having us
you